I think the main benefits that, uh, people don't take advantage of if
they're in the military. Um, number one. While you're active duty, you
should definitely go to college. And you should definitely start,
Um, um, putting money in stocks and there are people out there that
can give you the tools for that after you get out of the service. I
heard that, Um, yeah, only a small portion of people take advantage
of their educational benefits. Many people who like toe give it thio
their their family members just because they don't use it or they
just let it disappear. Um, I think there's some, uh, law in Congress
that allows you to have it indefinitely, which is really good. But
even though you have it, um, and you don't use it, um, that's that's,
I think, a shame that more people should take advantage off